welcome to my unboxing and first look at
what Mad Catz claims is the most
adjustable gaming keyboard ever created
ever this is the u.s. QWERTY layout 1
which makes sense because I'm in North
America
Oh oh it has a built-in Oh LED screen
and the backlight can be changed to
pretty much any color you can imagine so
there's RGB LED lighting behind it
giving you 60 million possible backlight
colors which is very cool something we
really haven't seen that much we've seen
some keyboards where you can change from
between backlight colors but they'll
usually just have a few options now we
finally have a fully backlit gaming
keyboard that can be whatever color you
want so it's customizable it is has
color o LED okay so that's for the
screen right there that kind of shows
cool stuff about what you're adjusting
or whatever else command module setup
reduces the footprint and provides 21
programmable buttons 3 profile modes
media keys and a Windows key lock so you
can actually put the thing together for
to build what is to say basically your
own kind of Belkin Nostromo type thing
if you guys remember that thing ok ok
just another picture of it ah yes so
here's a little bit more information
about what can be displayed on the
screen so the multiple i gaining at the
Woomer gaming app something ok yeah it's
a different language that's cool so
basically it just shows you what's going
on at any given time so your program
launcher right there see battlefield is
the launching indicator mic volume
countdown timer stopwatch clock
brightness and volume can all show up on
there very cool stuff so let's go ahead
and open it up and we'll be back a
moment sorry guys we were trying to open
it we realize there's more information
on the back so the modular components
adapt to your game space and playing
style just like their rat series mice
okay the it has a full RGB backlight
okay we've talked about that 21 program
will knock four keys in three modes okay
we talked about that height adjustable
active palm rest features additional
thumb wheel and button for even more
controls at your fingertips so that is
right there we'll find that after I
panel innovative full-color LED screen
which is there and pass through headset
are passed through for headset and
microphone port so that's a very handy
as well so we'll have a look at that
once we get this video open down so the
whole thing comes out of the box in like
kind of a tower like this the first
layer contains the main part of the
keyboard where you actually do your
typing you know you're writing letters
to Grandma or whatever else so this is
just your letters and your shifts and
your back spaces and you oh that's not
bad they're using a very unique key
technology with this keyboard that
actually it's supposed to feel more like
mechanical even though it is using
membrane key switches and I'd say it is
better there is more tactile feedback
but it's still very quiet with the only
notable exception being the spacebar the
next piece contains your number pad as
well as your delete and insert keys page
up page down your arrow keys and all
that stuff that you may or may not have
any need for and you can decide whether
you even want to attach it to the main
keyboard itself and later next you've
got the module that goes up at the top
that has the O LED display as well as
your media keys and a bunch of
programmable macro keys that you can
switch which mode you're using by using
the buttons that are probably located on
something we haven't seen yet cables
which again will figure out how all that
works in a moment more cables which will
figure out how all that works in a
moment and finally your wrist rest this
piece that allows you to switch between
the various modes so you can go from
pick from one of three profiles for your
macro please your manual Allah oh wow
and allen key to put the whole thing
together as well as the screws you need
and finally two more pieces of what will
be the rest
rest for the main part of the keyboard
now you have the option of putting it
together with screws but if you change
it around all the time I guess you don't
even have to because everything clips
into place so I'm going to show you guys
this configuration before I show you the
more standard configuration so we got it
in two pieces so you got your keyboard
here which just has all your standard
functionality on it so there's nothing
bad exceptional about it except that you
can completely adjust the wrist rest for
the length of your hands so you can see
I'd be quite uncomfortable like this
however I can move it in one step or I
can move it in one more additional step
in order to get closer which is probably
where I would end up then you've got
these huh see these interchangeable
things right here that you can use to
plug it in however you need to so I've
used the cables that I need however you
can see I have an extra left over this
would be for if I assemble it the other
way you can adjust the height of it just
by pulling these down and it has lots of
rubber grippy feet on the bottom making
it so it's not going to slip anywhere
pretty much no matter what you do to it
now this piece so I've assembled this
using the O LED display so the way you
use this is you can select the
functionality using the up and down you
can use the right arrow to activate
things you can use left arrow to go back
I believe I'm not okay I can't remember
what the left arrow does but basically
these four buttons are for functioning
the display and the dial around the top
allows you to change whatever is on the
display so if you're using the
application launcher you can change
which application you're going to launch
if you're using the volume control then
you can adjust in increments of five and
then if you want more fine adjustment
then you can use the buttons on the side
your media controls are here your play
your stop your mute your left your are
your left your right your your back your
forward and then these up here are all
programmable keys now I was wrong before
I said that these were for the different
profiles they are not the profiles are
selected up here one two and three
here's a Windows on an off key as well
as control for the backlight on the
keyboard these guys right here are
additional programmable buttons you can
see that they have normal functionality
control shift enter and backspace but
you don't have to use them that way
this
is a rolling wheel so you can use that
with your thumb this is an additional
programmable button and then all these
mbot RC buttons rather around here are
also programmable so this is that you
can create yourself a little sort of
gaming pad and you can adjust however
you want to use it it's totally totally
up to you more adjustments here so you
can change the length L and you can also
increase the height of it if you want so
very cool stuff there's that
pass-through for the headphone and
microphone ports on the back here and
you can see again how I've assembled it
using little wires and cables and
whatnot going where it needs to go so
there you go you can move as far away as
you want to you can use ER peas like
this or if you have smaller hands then
you can move it up closer whatever you
want to do is totally up to you so we're
going to put it together the other way
and show you how that works
and we are assembled now so I hope you
guys enjoyed the assembly process
actually doesn't take that long and this
was my first time doing it so you guys
could see I got a little bit confused
there for a while so now this is in
position to use your more typical WASD
gaming configuration this has been moved
over so that the the strike 5 wrist rest
is here everything is still very
adjustable so you can change everything
to your heart's content and your layout
is more like when you'd what you'd see
on a normal keyboard so there you have
it I hope you guys have enjoyed my
unboxing and first look at the strike 5
from Mad Catz
don't forget to subscribe - tech tips
from unboxings reviews and other
computer videos and before we wrap this
up I should say guys um I'm actually
pretty impressed by what they've done
with the membrane keys here are the
mechanical keys no but are they your
typical membrane keys no there is a lot
of difference between one membrane key
and another for example the
first-generation Logitech G 15 had
significantly better membrane keys than
any further gen 2g whatever anything
that's followed it so there is a huge
difference from one membrane key cap to
another one and this one definitely
achieves that I'd love for you guys to
post a comment under the video let me
know what do you think of this whole
modular peripheral concept we've seen it
with the rat series now we see it with
the strike series what do you guys think